Lightsaber Combat    with some surprises

Title: Lightsaber Combat    with some surprises
Author: Gabe "Phillipe2" Drapos
Date: March 9, 2002
Rating: 4.5
Tags: - Light

Description: Basic lightsaber combat... except for one thing...

Cards: 

Objectives (1)

We'll Handle This/Duel Of The Fates


Starting (9)

Naboo Theed Palace Generator

Naboo Theed Palace Generator Core

Inner Strength

An Unusual Amount Of Fear (+10 Defensive Shields)

Podrace Prep

Anakin's Podracer 

Podrace Arena

Boonta Eve Podrace

I did It


Characters (16)

Leia, Rebel Princess x2

Yoda, Master Of The Force

Chewie Enraged x2

Luke With Lightsaber

Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight x2

Lando Calrissian, Scoundrel x2

Qui Gon Jinn, Jedi Master x2

Master Qui Gon

Qui Gon With Lightsaber

Obi Wan Kenobi Jedi Knight x2



Effects (8)

What Was It?

Advantage

Colo Claw Fish

Armament Dismantled

Reflection x2

Traffic Control

A tremor (or disturbance I forget exactly what its called) in the force


Interrupts (14)

A Jedi's Concentration

Armed And Dangerous

A Jedi's Patience

A Jedi's Focus

Dodge x2

Strike Blocked x2

Swing And A Miss

Clinging To The Edge

Weapon Levitation x3

Darth Mauls Demise


Weapons (12)

Obi Wan's Lightsaber

Qui Gon Jinn's Lightsaber

Anakin's Lightsaber

Luke's Lightsaber

Intruder Missile x2

Ewok Catapult x2

Jar Jar's Electropole x2

Bionic Hand x2

Strategy: 

Strategy

Use The podrace to draw out some defensive shields and then the tremor in the force to draw out another.  Now they will have two or three gone.  Send the first qui gon you get (it doesn't REALLY matter) to the generator core and then send obi wan to the generator.  If maul comes make sure you have two combat cards (or at least one) innitiate a duel.  Obi wan should win if he is armed with qui gons lightsaber.  Begin draining until another dark jedi comes.  By this time you should have at least one 7 destiny combat card on each jedi.  Beat him back until he leaves and then keep draining.  If another comes then beat him back and start draining again.  You will be getting a 6 force drain per turn.  THen have lsjk armed with lukes lightsaber and Leia rebel princess armed with anakins lightsaber beating and draining at Tatooine podracing arena.  If the enemy is playing a tie deck he wont stand a chance.  Just by controlling Core, Generator, and podrace arena with the characters i said you will be force draining 9 force a turn.  Even with anyone else there it will be 6 force a turn.  Use lando and chewie to fight on enemy locations (just because you need to give them something to do) and you should be all set
